the gaffe of minecraft itama hate are
piece and today I am here to introduce you to a
contest in this contest for a contest
really particular you will have the
chance of winning a server of
minecraft this server can be
used by both premium users and
by the users sp you will have your data i
your accesses so you can manage
all you server is an opportunity and
let's say that there was this server
donated by mine hosting you will find in
description the official site of this
hosting so I also recommend going
to see for a moment to keep prices
however, today's contest is relative to
a totally free server to come
assigned to you then in description
you will find a link to participate in the
form you will find in description is
this what you will find in this module
okay meanwhile the requirements are
necessary if you do not fill in this
form you cannot participate
if you enter several times, that is at least two
times
unless you make a mistake and less
communicate I take you off the list ie
I do not consider you then what you owe
insert you must insert the link to
your youtube channel because you have to
insert the link to your channel
youtube I fold together 20,000
words because now thanks to youtube o
the community function and therefore I succeed in
see the names of the subscribers so if
you are not registered or I do not accept you
I can control it a long time
so great everyone to participate
you must be a member of minecraft ita
way that is the channel if you are not
subscribers can not participate that is me
I catch you and why the control is there
I throw out that is to delete yours
registration of yours
then participation in the contest
you will no longer have the chance to win
therefore you must be registered for the email
what i need
I need it because I will communicate it to
will establish responsible for this site for
send you the access data with all the
modality
remember serving a gift
finally goes well there is confirmation for
registration when the contest ends
the contest will end on November 15th of
2013 so not even far away there
you will have about 20 days more or less do
maximum I will increase the limit I'll put it
on 20.11.13 however the draw
will take place the day after the draw
will be done on the site random.org then
everything will be totally random will win
those who are lucky will participate a lot
it costs nothing and all for free
the server is free you don't have to pay
nothing then you gain in the end
but I only remind you to be registered
to minecraft in the way if you are not
subscribers cannot participate vi
I remember that I will therefore control you what
you have to do you have to go into description
open the link to the form fill in the
module and 21 I will do a draw on the 21st
November the luckiest what
will have more luck
then the server will win nothing like vi
I remember that there has been doing it ever since
ours in point and I also found in
description the site to their hosting al
their hosting site and I remind you also
to visit the facebook page that
find here if you are not registered or not
you put I like put it because
Meanwhile, I put many metro news
I already put two that is a gift too
the keys on the page and I will make others
why don't you see the here now why
you delete it after putting people on it
he kept asking me, aimetti
in the other then after the goods
when I see that they have redeemed it there
gate I take it off so I remind you
to participate in the contest and server of
minecraft the server specifications le
you will find in the description is a server
we say not very expensive you can
use it for your series for
play with friends or you can
create a server but with a maximum of one
twenty slots then you can always
talk to him if you want to increase them
in other words, I am not the medium
so let's say let's say it is
editable anyway guys I remind you
to like the video posted
the channel to participate in the contest for
stay up to date on that next
they will come out like me on the page
facebook on the page or always easy
I must say that we meet in a neighbor
video on never this time
hello everyone guys